add page for LASTWITHTIME (#246)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: configuration-reference/functions/lastwithtime.md

---
description: This section contains reference documentation for the lastwithtime function.
---

# lastwithtime

Get the last value of `dataColumn` where the `timeColumn` is used to define the time of `dataColumn` and the `dataType` specifies the type of `dataColumn`, which can be `BOOLEAN`, `INT`, `LONG`, `FLOAT`, `DOUBLE`, `STRING`

## Signature

> > LASTWITHTIME(dataColumn, timeColumn, 'dataType')

Reviewer: Same comments as FirstWithTime()

---
description: This section contains reference documentation for the lastwithtime function.
---

# lastwithtime

> This function is used for LastWithTime calculations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The function will return the value of `dataColumn` with the largest `timeColumn` value where:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns the value of `dataColumn` with the largest `timeColumn` value where:
```
